But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
the masks, or behind, you know, proper testing, or behind the six-foot distancing, the two-meter distancing, or behind these shots, right?
This technology that had never been used widely.
None of that is over.
And as Sasha Latifa pointed out this morning, you know, these were military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity, having had it
For two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Yeah.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Gigaohm Biological, a high-resistant, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's here that we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media.
We try to love our neighbor.
Certainly, we try to know who they are by getting off of social media.
I gotta clear my throat a little bit.
I apologize.
That's the main message here.
We gotta get our kids off of social media.
It's the 26th of June, 2025.
We shouldn't still be pretending like this is okay.
Autism spectrum... Sorry, Brian.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine-damaged.
I understand, Brian.
Autism spectrum disorder is indeed a myth used to make sure that
Intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason or an answer.
The same can be said for pandemics and gain of function and all of these things that are even better than a nuclear bomb at killing everybody.
This is all nonsense and we need to start teaching our kids the way out.
If you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, then you will not be able to free yourself.
I noticed a very interesting pattern on social media this morning when I decided to open up an account on Blue Sky and then was challenged to start following people and it was shocking to me going on Blue Sky how many of these
entities and people and idea factories and whatever news sources like the Vigilant Fox are just not present on Blue Sky.
It's almost as if they don't care to save or to interact with any of those Americans.
It's almost
like they they like being separated they like the the the independent uh independent media my ass ladies and gentlemen if you don't follow him or don't know who he is i can't imagine you're watching this live but if you are uh please follow housatonicits.com because that is the man um and also please follow this substackbiologyphenomenon.substack.com it's all about the murder and lies in scotland i think one of the places where
Maybe more than anywhere else in the Western world, you can see a clear signal of the management of the population pyramid.
Ladies and gentlemen, once you know the truth, it will set you free.
That is the goal of this stream.
I hope in some ways... What?
That's the wrong... What is that doing up there?
Hold on one second.
You need to be the mixtape and then this will work just fine.
It's good to see everybody in the chat.
Good to be here.
This is GigaOM Biological coming to you live from Pittsburgh.
That could be a picture of Pittsburgh there.
You don't have to.
It could really be a picture of Pittsburgh.
And so welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological.
Very happy to be here.
It is a message from America.
Because I'm American, my kids are American, we live on American soil, and this is our community.
I want to help everybody, but this is a message coming out of America.
If you've been here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave, and if not, you might be a person who is a skilled TV watcher, a skilled social media user, who isn't staying focused on the biology, who regularly takes their bait on social media, and maybe
doesn't even know who your neighbors are.
I hope that's not the case, but if so, welcome to the show.
You're welcome here.
The voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm chief biologist at GigaOM Biological.
You can find the stain of my Akata magic work on the National Library of Medicine PubMed website.
I also used to work for Children's Health Defense.
I wrote a couple articles for The Defender, not that many, because my job was to stay out of the spotlight there.
I did help Robert F. Kennedy Jr., now the current Health and Human Services Secretary for the United States of America, write his book, The Wuhan Cover-Up and the Terrifying Bioweapons Arms Race.
I'm listed in there, I'm quoted in there, I'm in the glossary or the...
cast of characters, if you will.
I've also met Jay Bhattacharya more than a few times over the course of the pandemic.
Had lots of conversations with him over tacos.
I guess I haven't been able to make much of an impression on him because he's not a biologist.
Anyway, haven't heard from him since he became the head of NIH.
Congratulations to him.
I heard he's kicking a lot of ass.
We're trying to do the same thing here.
This started out as a lowly, innocent YouTube channel that was supposed to get me tenure or help me maybe be an attractive faculty member.
That didn't work out.
Now I have two YouTube channels.
One that I'm currently streaming to, which is JC in the Woods.
Um, and that's just because I don't really want to risk JC on a bike.
I really like that channel.
That content's really special to me.
It's going to be something that I remember for a long time.
Um, and how this works is that I've got a few, uh, you know, a hundred or so supporters that send me anywhere from 10 to a, to a thousand dollars a month and, and it adds up to rent and, and food.
And that's about it.
Um, but I do work and I do work a lot and I do think, um,
I do think it's working out that people are sharing, people are finding it, more people are finding stream.gigaohm.bio than ever before, which is our own host.
It doesn't work perfectly, but if you're having problems with it working perfectly, what you can do is just click the download link there and then download it.
Once it's downloaded, of course, it'll play fine.
And, you know, there's also, it's on YouTube, it's on Rumble, where we're,
We're trying to be a lot of places on Twitch.
It's also there.
And so, you know, I don't like Twitch.
Twitch is a really weird platform, but it was one of the few places where I could just go and hang out.
I mean, nobody was going to bother me there because they have so much trash on Twitch.
There's just so much trash on Twitch.
So if you're here and you've managed to get here without being distracted by Twitch, again, congratulations for doing that.
Oh gosh, that's an old transition.
I forgot that I had that.
It's such a great...
little mix there.
Thank you very much for being here.
Let me switch over.
It's good to see everyone in the chat.
We have 40 viewers already.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage.
We are the, coming from Pittsburgh, the home of
The Home of Mr. Rogers.
I don't have that guy on the wall back there painted by a high school kid from my local high school.
You know, the high school where Matthew Crooks went.
I don't have that painting up there lightly.
I don't put that up there lightly.
I think that guy was a pretty great dude.
I think how he lived his life and the example that he set was a pretty great example.
It's not the example that everybody can set or it's not the example that anyone else would set, I don't think, except for Fred Rogers.
But I'm happy that I now live in the city where he was from and I like to think that a lot of the character
of the older people, you know, adults in Pittsburgh has been influenced directly or indirectly by his presence and his attitude and his open-mindedness and his love.
And so I, you know, do I aspire to be like him?
I don't really know, but do I want to have a vibe that's closer to his than
Than anyone else that I can think of I guess so I want to be a biology teacher at some point, but it's hard Because America, let me just clear that America is I can't do that.
I guess I have to do this and Then that okay, that's better But America is under attack and and it's a Trojan horse and
in the sense of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was used as kind of a front man, as an independent candidate, actually scripted in a Skyhorse book.
And it really feels quite disturbing to be where we are from my perspective, because I worked with a lot of these people.
I tried to move their position forward, sharpen their thinking, sharpen their messaging.
And I was really shocked
by the lack of progress that anybody has made and was willing to make with regard to the messaging and instead everybody's really focused on this big top tent of health freedom and getting Bobby elected or getting him in the White House or whatever they've
accomplished.
And I'm making the argument, the accusation that I don't think very many people are making.
And that is that this is all really scripted bullshit.
These three people, for example, are a very, very bad joke on our children in America.
And to see it any other way is to be bamboozled by social media and mainstream media, which is really just one conglomerate of bullshit, because the people that are performing on social media are also regularly performing on mainstream media, or their, their
puppeteered counterparts.
And so I'm going to start with this video this morning because this was yesterday.
And so this is yesterday.
This is the illustrious Robert Malone, the inventor of the mRNA vaccines, the savior of Western civilization, who's traveled the world for five years while juggling an emu farm and horse breeding business.
to spread the word about how the mRNA might not be good for everybody, might be good for some people.
It's hard to really tell exactly what he thought about the mRNA.
One of the best ways to experience the mRNA
illustrious nature of his ability to disambiguate things is to watch his presentation to the kids on the Hawaiian beach from 2021.
That's a really remarkable display of intellectual prowess.
Him and his wife in their bare feet essentially bring these kids up to speed on all of the major biological ideas that are necessary to understand
in order to make an informed decision about whether or not they themselves should transfect them.
They themselves should accept transfection.
It's one of the greatest videos I've ever seen.
And so, after so many years of sacrificing almost everything,
to travel the world and speak out against this stuff, to organize a dissident movement that spanned national borders, even organizing international cruise meetings across off the coast of Turkey, where all these international dissidents could come together.
International COVID summits, six of them were organized by this man.
So that these, you know, rare breed of human could be all around the world, letting people know that, you know, COVID is a PSYOP that we're never going to figure out that it's a military operation, but we're not sure what military it is.
It doesn't matter because you'll never figure it out.
And this culminated in my humble opinion with the COVID summit meeting that took place in Romania in November of 2023.
Anyway, this was him at the ACIP meeting yesterday, breaking all the molds, clearing the table, throwing the money changers out of the temple.
Here he goes.
Clarification, there are two windows of time, post-vaccination.
Post-vaccination being defined as having completed at least two doses, correct?
Are you referring to a specific analyses like the rapid cycle analyses or are you speaking more generally?
I'm speaking of the data that you shared here.
So you, the windows of time that you're presenting data on are either 28-day or 42-day post-vaccination defined as fill in the blank.
Okay, for death analyses.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes.
Okay, so post-vaccination being one dose, two dose.
We looked at at least one dose.
And then for our VSD analyses, we looked at, we did three different analyses.
So we did after the primary series, so completion of a primary.
Can you feel the pressure that he's putting on?
Can you feel how much winning this is?
Because Robert Malone, sitting on the ACIP, is making this lady from the CDC sweat.
She can barely answer his question because it's so sharp it hurts.
then we did after the original booster and then we did after the Omicron booster.
And then for the analysis of AE association, that analysis, so you were just referring to deaths, the analysis of AE association was also limited to a time window of 28 days?
We have a number of different ways that we look at.
So there's a few different windows that we look at depending on kind of which analytic method we're using.
I'd like to invite Eric Weintraub who's our kind of expert in methodologies to kind of walk through the different post-vaccination intervals that we use.
She hands off, that's fantastic.
I wish I could say I was adding that reverb.
each new vaccine that has come as a recommendation up to this past season.
And what that allows us to do is then also scan within the 42 days to see if there is any other intervals that might be elevated using using Martin Koldorf's clustering technique.
to look for increased risk during certain time periods.
So it's very common for us to to look at 42 days and then also look at a comparison time and our comparison time historically for most of these outcomes are going to be days 43 to 84.
Roger, so in in this analysis or these analyses
My understanding, because I frankly, if you'll forgive the coaching, the slide... See again, this is a demonstration for people who don't know who the hell this guy is.
Now the reason why I brought this up before is because I want to emphasize it now.
That my... Why is this still playing?
My limited experience with
My limited experience with this whole social media thing led me to believe that because these people are much better than me, they have social media everywhere, right?
They're on all the things.
They do all the platforms, but actually they don't.
A tremendous number of people that are members of the Health Freedom Movement, despite the fact that they've moved on to being online doctors, are representing themselves both professionally and personally, very specifically, on X. They aren't also on Blue Sky.
They aren't also pushing Facebook pages.
They aren't also pushing Instagram accounts.
The only people that push Instagram accounts are people that have clothes to sell.
That's really the truth.
And since most of these health freedom people don't have clothes to sell or they have supplements to sell, so I bet some of them are on Instagram, but it's impressive how many conservatives are not on Blue Sky and how many conservatives
Liberals are not on X and I think we've become woefully unaware of how much of an echo chamber X is for our side that we're just Those people are just riding around in circles in there thinking they're making mileage even arguing with each other but they're actually arguing with people who aren't trying to get out and Many of them are puppets
And the 1% of us that are awake, surrounded by 4% of them who are puppets, are invisible to the rest of the 85% of the world.
And that can be a combination of programming and just overwhelming firehose effect.
And so remember that there is a huge part of the American population
that doesn't give a shit about the ACIP.
But that part of the population that's worried that the ACIP has been depopulated and repopulated with people who are all anti-vax might actually be paying attention.
And so Robert Malone, seeming to show some kind of impromptu, improvised critique, excuse my critique, excuse my coaching,
This guy is not a coach for anything, I assure you.
And I hope you don't mind, I'd like to be your biology coach.
This guy is a US agent, maybe a NATO agent.
I don't know who he works for, but he is not a patriot.
He is not somebody who has the best interest of our grandchildren in mind, not even my family in mind.
This is a man who I believe is probably could be best characterized as a traitor to America's children.
He is selling us out to some other global interest or some other global pile of money.
I don't know what it is, but he's not a horse farmer and an emu breeder.
and an activist who just happened to go to the Vatican and to the Italian parliament with Steve Hatfill.
This is just absurd at this moment.
And remember that Steven Hatfill is a special advisor to the CDC and the CDC's director was just confirmed while this bullshit was going on.
So you kind of missed that.
The CDC director told us all about her vision for that particular organization and it ain't good.
And that's also supposedly under the purview of our health and human services secretary, the great hero, the man on the white horse, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And his, this is his script writer right here, this guy, this performer.
Lists a series of AEs that have been among the... And this performer, sorry I want to finish that, is auditioning now for mainstream.
He's now auditioning for social media to be able to deploy him on the other side.
And we're supposed to rally behind him, right?
Because he's our guy.
We're supposed to defend him now against our family's critique of him being an anti-vaxxer that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
appointed by saying that, look, he's not an anti-vaxxer at all.
He just wants these studies done right.
65 assessed.
is a little hard to, it would be preferable if that was structured in a way that we really knew what all of those 65 analyses were and we could, you know, sort it by alphabetical order or something.
So I infer, having tried to pick through that, that hypertension, tachycardia, and POTS were analyzed and were not correlated.
And so he's gonna go on to help them tell this story about how they didn't find signals there.
And so they're only reporting those signals and he's fine with it.
Don't underestimate what's happening here.
This guy came out on the Brett Weinstein podcast, telling us stories about CIA agents and AI programs for DITRA.
and spinning up your team.
This guy right now is on the ACIP, and this guy right now is advising the guy at the head of the FDA, the head of CBER, and the head of HHS.
He has the ear of all of them, if not the script also provided for none other than my friend Jayanta Bhattacharya.
And I have to assume that because Jayanta Bhattacharya specifically said, you know, you got to stop naming names.
You got to just teach the biology because you're so good at it, even though I don't understand what you're talking about.
And please stop saying Robert Malone's name.
Not Robert F. Kennedy Jr., not Rixey, not Kevin McKernan, Robert Malone.
And so I assume that Robert Malone is the guy who got Jay Bhattacharya where he is and is probably giving him all the smart things to say and all of the clever word combinations to use while he's doing his huge podcast tour.
Because that seems to be what the NIH director does now, just like the FDA director, just like the head of CBER, just like, I guess, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
does.
I mean, he's even been on with Dr. Drew and shit.
Second video from yesterday.
Or this is from today.
Over.
Thank you very much, and I think we're going to proceed to the voting.
So, the draft vote is ACIP recommends, and there's actually two of them.
The first one is ACIP recommends infants aged less than eight months, born during or entering their first RSV season, who are not protected by maternal vaccination, receive one dose of Glesrovimab.
And I want to just clarify that this is not in addition
So the ACIP has an Israeli who works at MIT, has a Dutch guy that worked at Harvard, and has an emu farmer and horse breeder who lives in Virginia, who used to work for the Who, and Gavi, and Salve, and Ditra, and Merck, and Didi, Bola, and Zika, and
used to sleep on the couch of David Hone and has a friend named Mike Callahan who's a liar, has a friend named Peter Cullis who's a liar.
Yeah, that guy's also on this.
It's remarkable what's going on here.
uh the neosemimab which has already been recommended so it's basically that and so now we're talking about the recommendation that we're gonna give monoclonal antibodies at eight months to any baby who was whose mom was not vaccinated for rsv
And the crazy part is, is that there's no consideration for whether the mom is breastfeeding the baby.
It's just whether the mom was vaccinated for RSV.
And if she was not vaccinated for RSV, that at eight months, they're recommending an infusion, an infusion of a monoclonal antibody.
I cannot make this shit up.
The child will receive either, uh, either
or the mother would have received the vaccination during pregnancy.
So there's one of these three should be done in addition to that instead of.
Do we have a motion for this?
And so now remember the way that the ACIP works is that they play with the parliamentary procedure of it.
And so the decisions become legal when they follow parliamentary procedures.
So somebody has to
nominate it or propose it, then someone has to second it, and then they have a vote.
And then if the vote goes, then the chairman has to declare something.
And so you will notice that during this procedure, at some point, the foreigner from Holland is not actually going to say the words that are necessary.
And his secretary is going to get a message on her phone, and she's going to write something down, and then he's going to say it.
And that's because it is this parliamentary procedure which becomes the legal or civil, or I don't know how they do it, but you can feel it, that it's the procedure, it's the due process.
And understand that, that's how our system works, it's due process.
There has to be some ritual that they follow.
And so this is a ritual.
And so putting people in place that are still gonna follow the ritual,
None other than Martin Kildorff can be quoted as saying yesterday in their meeting that if you wanted people, if you believe that all vaccines are good, or you believe that all vaccines are bad, then you shouldn't want this committee to exist.
So the committee already believes that some vaccines are good and some vaccines might be less good.
And so there's a reason for them to exist.
That's the premise of this ritual.
I move for approval of this draft recommendation language.
Over.
Thank you.
And do I have a second?
Yes, I second.
Okay, we have a second.
So let's vote then.
My wife thinks that Martin Kulldorff is Swedish.
I'm not sure about that, though.
I'm not sure.
And why don't we start with Dr. Malone?
Vote yes.
Dr. Hebron?
I vote yes.
Dr. Pagano?
Yes.
Dr. Lebe?
I vote no, I just want to clarify that my... Oh, Retsef Levy from MIT votes no because he doesn't think it's ready.
Wow, this committee has actually finally some truth in it.
Don't you feel so good?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
saved us.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!
It's just all one big show.
This is all bullshit.
Even if he is a, he cannot be just a really dumb MIT professor who just believes everything biological that he's told and then, you know, applies his smarts to it.
That's not possible.
Just like it's not possible that that guy is a horse breeder and an emu breeder and most of the time would rather be on his farm.
That's bullshit.
Objection is based on the fact that I don't feel this is ready to be administered to all healthy babies.
I think we should take a more precautionary approach to this.
But I respect the discussion and the opinions of my colleagues.
I vote no.
Thank you.
And so you make no real biological statement.
I don't think that this is ready to roll out in all healthy babies.
Then make the argument why?
Because most healthy babies don't need to be augmented in order to survive RSV.
We're not talking about making sure that, you know, mandating breastfeeding.
Why aren't we talking about the stupidly obvious mega benefits of breastfeeding with regard to the first eight months of our children?
But we're talking about the administration of one of three monoclonal antibody products and making sure they're available for people that need them, not just people who have insurance.
How is it even fricking possible?
unless this is all just one great big malevolent show.
Dr. Meisner?
Yes.
Dr. Petchworth?
I vote no.
And I'm articulating yes.
And so that lady back there is also going to say something about the mRNAs and how the mRNA is not totally okay.
And so people are also cheering that lady, Vicky, whatever her name is.
And it's a joke.
It's a joke because they're still just using the same, you know, neutered language where everything's a vaccine, everything's public health, everything's a countermeasure or everything is, you know, got a VE or, you know, COVID is real.
It's all bullshit.
And this show right here was made for you because on the same day, the CDC director was being confirmed.
And you did not want to hear it.
They didn't want you to hear it.
They wanted you cheering on this ACIP meeting and thinking that this was some form of winning.
Because after the music break, you're not going to believe what the CDC director said in her introductory remarks.
I have five votes for yes and two votes for no.
And we also have a second draft vote.
which is, and this was presented yesterday at the meeting, approve the updated vaccines for children resolution for prevention of RSV.
So, we'll do the same order, Dr. Malone.
I wasn't aware that we were going to have this vote.
It is essentially the same vote.
It's just making sure that this product is available in the vaccine for children's program.
Malone's not sure, man.
I'm not sure if I should have done this or not.
I'm, you know, I've got some books, and I like to sell the books, and so I'm gonna try and look like a cool guy here.
And, you know, I'm friends with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., but I'm really just a horse breeder, and I'm cool.
This is the utmost in fraud.
just one of the most fraudulent men in America.
And essentially, because CHD has never disowned him, because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
still follows him, I mean, these people are all just one malevolent network of saboteurs, shitheads, that have taken advantage of every
Damaged kid parent in America that they could and ignored every damaged kid parent that they had to in order to achieve Whatever shit goal this is which is turning us over to the highest bidder Tricking us into accepting this digital prison that we're all gonna get walked right into occluding by people like CHD and Bobby Kennedy who CHD is gonna completely ignore the fact that Bobby Kennedy's interested in getting wearables and
on every kid in America.
I mean the level of just sabotage, just absolute failure that CHD represents for having been around so long and accomplished so little that at their second conference, their best message they had was rise and resist people over profits, truth over lies and courage over fear.
Courage over fear.
How much courage do they have when they just don't say it?
That intramuscular injection can murder people.
That intramuscular injection is poison.
And instead, they say shit like Rise and Resist.
And they raise money for millions of dollars to pay people really fat salaries to sit at home and raise money and make bullshit fricking podcasts that do nothing but promote a different form of globalism.
Like, oh, the WHO is bad, or the UN is bad.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is playing 5D chess.
Mary Holland's been working so hard for so long.
She deserves a quarter million dollars a year in salary.
Man, she's like the smartest lawyer on earth.
It's a giant sham.
The whole health freedom movement is a giant sham from Andrew Wakefield all the way up to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who I don't think is clever enough to know exactly how badly he's been played.
I think he actually had a very good gut feeling that he shouldn't get involved with the vaccine issue, but he did it because his handlers told him to.
His handlers promised him the White House for shit's sake.
That is my understanding.
Is that correct?
Yeah, so can I hear the actual language that I would be voting on?
All right, my wife has it in the chat.
It looks like he's Swedish.
I lose.
Stop lying.
He says it to me too.
So, you know, it's real now that fearless in the chat, that's what happens.
So he wants to know the resolution.
Sorry, you missed it, but they're kind of freaking out right now because Robert Malone says, I didn't know that this was going to be a vote.
Can I see the exact text that I'm voting on?
Cause I don't want to just, you know, willy nilly cast a yes vote.
I think if we can go to slide.
Doctor Koldorf, can I make a comment?
Please do.
And I and I appreciate Doctor Malone's questions.
This is extremely important that VFC cover this product.
It is very important to ensure equity in our country so that
So this is going to be putting these monoclonals on the vaccine schedule for kids, I believe vaccines for kids, so that insurance companies are forced to support them.
So three monoclonal antibodies available for kids after eight months if their mom didn't get an RSV vaccine.
That's really where we are.
and Robert Malone is voting yes but he's also going to vote yes for the availability of the RSV vaccine which will be applied during pregnancy kind of the same thing that he was all for with regard to Zika you see this is an absolute
just he's just a pawn we've been played we've been played by him and all the people around him that used his script to play us from robert malone to meryl nass to mary holland to jessica rose to pierre corey to
Peter McCullough, they're all playing the same script.
Even Mary Talley Bowden, like it or not, is playing the same script.
That's why she's never questioned the idea that they have a PCR test that can test for 17 different viruses.
Of course they can.
All children have X of these monoclonal antibodies.
It would not be right
because these are expensive products that only well-insured children, or in families that are well-insured, have access to this product.
It's their volume that's low, sorry.
I think we've all discussed the fact that this is an effective product, and I would strongly encourage everyone to make it available to all children.
Yeah, Cody, I just was surprised because this language was not in our briefing document for approved language for voting.
But I saw on the prior screen that was just displayed.
I know my confusion is resolved because the issue here is just the nuance of similar approval, but specifically for the VFC program, if I'm understanding correctly.
Is that the case?
I can clarify, so typically after a vote occurs on the recommended product, then there is a resolution by the committee to add that to the formulary for the FC program.
Thank you for the clarification.
Malone votes yes.
Malone votes yes, over.
This is Malone votes yes, over.
We'll hold on a little bit.
Dr. Daskalakis.
Totally just a point of order.
I'm not sure if we necessarily have a motion to approve and a second on this vote yet.
So you may want to do that as well.
Did you hear that?
So we don't have a motion to approve it yet.
So it's all got to be done by parliamentary procedure.
Otherwise,
otherwise it doesn't become official.
And so they're kind of clowning here and people keep trying to clue them in on it.
That guy's now doing it.
It's pretty impressive actually, because again, this is a ritual.
It is due process that allows these things to then be essentially law, right?
Because if they are on the vaccine schedule for kids, then insurance companies are required to pay for them.
It's impressive.
about 50% of American children get their vaccines and immunizations through VFC.
So that's the background.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Malone moves.
Okay.
I second.
So now they're fighting over it.
So now that was Martin saying, well, then I motion to approve this.
And then Malone was going to say, I motion.
And then he said, oh, I second it.
And so they're all just trying to get in on the parliamentary procedure because it's so fun.
While voting, can you please state your name, whether you have conflict of interest, and then you vote.
Malone votes yes.
And do you have a conflict of interest?
No conflict of interest.
Thank you.
Dr. Hibblen.
Dr. Hibblen first appreciates the clarification.
Secondly, I vote yes.
Third, I have no conflicts of interest.
Dr. Pagano?
I vote yes and no complications, no contradictions.
And your name?
No complications, no contradictions, he said.
These people are clowns.
James Pagano.
Okay, so let's support it then because he has, he just wants access.
He's, he's kind of naive to the fact that if it's on the schedule or it's on the vaccines for kids schedule that some majority of doctors are just going to push it.
Dr. Meissner?
Cody Meissner votes yes, and I have no conflict.
Dr. Papsworth?
Sorry.
Sorry, I vote yes, and I believe that I am required to read a statement.
I don't know whether I have a conflict or not.
but it's as required.
Yeah, somebody's laughing about whether or not she has a conflict or not.
And now she's gonna tell you that she's not holding, she's holding the legal limit of the amount of stock that she can own and still serve on the committee.
And so she's not gonna tell you how much that is.
She's just gonna tell you that she's under that amount, which is,
an extraordinary admission.
It's just, it's just gross.
This whole thing is so pro forma.
It's like a, it's, it's a joke on our grandkids.
Under the ACIP policies and procedures.
I'm also disclosing that I own shares in the healthcare sector fund that includes holdings relative relevant to the ACIP, including vaccine manufacturers,
However, the amount of that shareholding is- My guess is, is that for purposes of immunity to manufacturing problems and that kind of thing, I would be willing to bet that getting them on the Vaccines for Children CDC list allows them to avoid that liability.
But I don't know, I'm not a lawyer.
I don't even play one on the internet.
But thanks for the question.
Sorry, Catherine.
Sorry, Oseen.
I don't know how to say it.
Under the Office of Government Ethics,
regulatory de minimis amount, I understand that I, therefore, can fully participate in the ACIP meeting.
Thank you.
Can you state your name?
Vicky Pubsworth.
Thank you.
My name is Martin Kulldorff.
I have no conflict of interest, and I vote yes.
So we have a vote of seven to zero on this.
So thank you.
And again, I really want to stress thank you very much for the working group for the enormously thorough work you've done.
Thank you for the CDC staff.
And especially thank you for my fellow members of this group who at very short notice have really emerged yourself into this issue.
I mean you have to say it right I mean if he's Swedish then it makes it even worse in a way because Sweden was one of those places that they used also against us in some way or another didn't have really lockdowns and so it's just all just very disturbing to me I think 16 days ago so
There was a very short time to very quickly get all the information that was needed, both presentations yesterday but also a lot of information in addition to this.
So thank you so much.
Dr. Kulldorff, can I make one comment?
I would just like to recognize the contributions of Jefferson Jones who has led the workgroup throughout this procedure and has just done an exemplary job.
Over.
Thank you and I should also state
You know who is Indian and has been in America for a really long time and I'm pretty sure is a traitor to my grandkids?
It's Jayanta Bhattacharya, the head of the NIH.
And they were together on the Great Barrington Agreement with some chick from Oxford.
So as far as I'm concerned, being in America for a really long time doesn't make you any less of a foreigner, especially if the whole idea for you to do is to play a role like this.
Then just like Jayant Bhattacharya, who did all of his degrees at Stanford,
Um, you know, just like the lady that we're confirming for CDC director who did all of her degrees at Stanford.
Just like this guy who's just, you know, he works at Harvard, but he's a good guy.
Gotta be a good guy.
Cause there's no, not everybody at Harvard's a shithead.
Um, it's just, it's, I don't know.
I don't know what to tell you anymore, but, uh,
I've got a viewer who claims to have been able to have regular communication with him, and that's fallen apart pretty drastically since Jay Bhattacharya got into NIH.
And that's because they can't really, they can't have an interaction anymore because of how this guy just doesn't seem to be able to see it.
It's hard to accept that America has been victimized by a Trojan horse, that people like Mary Holland are actually traitors, but it's true.
It's really true.
So thank you very much.
So I just want to encourage our CDC colleagues to, we have post-marketing data now.
I think we should hopefully see soon analysis on regarding deaths and more broad kind of analysis on broader set of potential adverse events.
Again, I think we want to make sure that alongside the benefits, we understand the risks, regardless of the decisions of whether to use it or not.
We need to have transparency about what is the trade-off here.
And I think that the analysis yesterday was very, very well done, but limited to certain periods of time and certain
And so this is, again, remember, not for us.
This is supposed to appeal to people who don't know who these people are, who haven't been arguing with these people for five years, who don't know who Robert Malone is, but it sounds like he's a dude who might know a lot.
That's the whole illusion they're trying to pull off here.
So this is where they left off as far as when I was watching.
Talking about the flu from somebody from Sandvoort.
So good morning, I'm Dr. Pedro Felagatti.
I'm a Global Clinical Development Director at Sanofi.
And today I'm joined by my colleague, Dr. Tinus Meret, North America Medical Head for Influenza and COVID Vaccines.
I'll be presenting today.
So why doesn't it say Sanofi on here?
Why doesn't it say that on his slide?
Oh, there it is.
Sorry, it's right behind me.
Sanofi, there you go.
So he sells a quadrivalent flu vaccine and he's going to present what again?
The results of our phase 3 immunobridging non-inferiority trial.
Phase 3 immunobridging non-inferiority trial.
The absolute most absurd
scientific idea that you can really enunciate with English words.
And now Retsif Levy and Robert Malone and all these other hypergeniuses are going to sit there and listen to a presentation from some guy from Sanofi who's on the influenza working group for the ACIP meeting and telling you about the immunobridging to non-inferiority
of a quadrivalent flu vaccine.
And we're supposed to believe, again, that this is a victory, right?
Because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is at the head of HHS.
And the head of FDA is getting rid of all the petroleum-based dyes in Heinz ketchup and in all Nestle products within a year.
So if there's anything about this that isn't winning, it's just that most of us haven't gotten the T-shirt yet.
of the quadrivalent recombinant influenza vaccine which is licensed as flu block in older children and adolescents compared to adults.
Next slide please.
For full disclosure of my conflicts... And so you don't need any convincing that this is bullshit.
I'm gonna give you a little music break here
And then we're gonna get on with the show.
I hadn't picked anything out yet though.
Did I have anything lined up there?
Maybe I'll just do this one.
Thank you very much for being here.
See you soon.
think, but you can tell if someone's lying.
Millionaire.
Send you down to war
It's a great track.
Welcome back.
Good to be here.
I'm very happy to be presenting today.
I feel pretty good.
I figured out that actually aspirin works much better than I thought for pain relief.
And so, I actually was able to shoot around yesterday.
I put 100 shots up.
I'm not saying that I was bouncing out of the gym.
There was some pain, but today it's a little better.
I haven't taken as many milligrams as today as I did yesterday, and so I'm already dialing it back.
But I feel very good about the fact that I'm not, you know, I'm
I feel like it's now healing, which is good.
It is just back pain is something I wouldn't wish on anybody except for some of the people in this picture.
There's my buddy Nathan.
Rest in peace, bud.
This is just crazy.
A disaster for rural America, a disaster for low income and working class people.
We must not devastate an already broken health care system in order to give tax breaks to billionaires who have never ever had it so good.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you.
Dr. Menorrez, your opening statement, please.
Chairman Cassidy, Ranking Member Sanders, and members of this committee, I am humbled to be here today before you, and I am honored to be nominated by the President to be the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
I'm joined by my friends and my family, including my children, Bella and AJ, who are my inspiration in all things.
Oh.
I want to start by telling you about myself.
I grew up in rural Wisconsin, the daughter of a dairy farmer.
I learned the meaning of hard work very early in life.
When illness struck our herd, my father had to sell the farm and he became a police officer.
Oh, what?
I would like to hear more about that.
That when illness struck our herd, my father had to sell the farm and he became a police officer.
That sounds strange to me.
I mean, I'm just saying it sounds strange.
I don't know if that means she's a bad guy.
Of course she's a bad guy.
She worked for DARPA and ARPA.
She helped build ARPA, ARPA-H.
Like this woman is,
is a direct descendant from Joe Biden's administration that developed ARPA-H.
Like, how is it possible that we're ignoring the fact that she is the confirmed CDC director?
Listen to this diatribe.
To support us.
My mother also worked wherever she could, in factories, clerical jobs, and my favorite, as a librarian.
Though we didn't own a television, we always had the world at our fingertips through books.
Hard work, community resilience, fiscal responsibility, and the importance of education are the core values this upbringing instilled.
We had little money, so through academic scholarships and side jobs, I paid my own way through college, attending the University of Wisconsin.
It was here during my first semester, at the dawn of the genomics era, that I discovered a passion for science and health innovation, and I have not stopped since.
The dawn of the genomics era.
You see, she walked right in exactly when she wanted to.
It's so lucky for her.
I earned my PhD in microbiology and immunology and conducted postdoctoral research at Stanford.
My academic work focused on two deadly diseases, African sleeping sickness, which in its most severe forms is 100% fatal without treatment.
And toxoplasmosis, once a leading cause of death in HIV AIDS patients.
There it is.
Oh, sorry.
I buzzed over it.
Sorry.
But did you hear it?
It's a leading cause of death.
Toxoplasmosis is a leading cause of death in HIV patients.
That's one of the things she worked on.
So unlike myself or Mark, so many of these people have an absolute direct line mentorship connection to the HIV narrative and have done significant work contributing to its edification.
It's almost without fail.
that every person that is in this narrative has walked through or been trained by somebody who has a direct line to Bob Gallo, to Murray Gardner, to Tony Fauci, to Francis Collins, all these people.
It's remarkable.
It's crazy.
And it holds true also for somebody like Paul Offit, who connects himself directly to Stanley Plotkin and Hilary Koprowski, calls Hilary Koprowski a hero, included Hilary Koprowski in his Vax Hero card set from the CHOP Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
They made a Vax Hero card set that you could order by mail.
And Hilary Koprowski is one of the cards.
I shit you not.
So all of these people are descended from the same group of men that had these big ideas about genetics and taking control of the human species and the evolution of it.
And this lady is directly descended from these people, trained at Stanford.
in infectious diseases now at the head of the CDC after helping to establish ARPA-H.
How much more malevolent could this script be if the vast majority of the people who would have any objection to her at all are busy watching Robert Malone and Retzif Levy and Martin Kulldorff performing for two days straight on the ACIP meeting just saying yes and doing parliamentary procedure shows?
This worked for over a decade.
While treatments for African sleeping sickness and toxoplasmosis remain limited, public health advancements like screening and prevention programs have addressed toxoplasmosis, one of two deadly diseases, African sleeping sickness, which in its most severe forms is 100% fatal without treatment.
And toxoplasmosis, once a leading cause of death in HIV AIDS patients.
I did this work for over a decade
While treatments for African sleeping sickness and toxoplasmosis remain limited, public health advancements like screening and prevention programs have drastically reduced the burden of both diseases.
These experiences cemented my belief.
Good public health saves lives.
After academia, I shifted to shaping public health policy at the federal level.
I helped establish the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, prioritizing investments in medical countermeasures.
At the Department of Homeland Security, I led efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to the world's deadliest pathogens.
During the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa, priority prioritizing investments.
And after academia, I shifted to shaping public health policy at the federal level.
I helped establish the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, prioritizing investments in medical countermeasures.
Isn't that BARDA?
Didn't she just say BARDA?
I swear that she just says BARDA.
I led efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to the world's deadliest pathogens.
During the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa, I served on the Ebola task force.
That's weird because I think also, I think also, I think also Stephen Hatfield was involved in Ebola.
I think also Robert Malone was involved in Ebola.
Can you imagine?
They might even know each other.
Maybe they all know each other.
Here I saw the incredible work of public health, but I also saw the vulnerabilities in communication,
outbreak modeling, and global health security preparedness.
When public health is neglected, it costs lives.
Finally, during my time at ARPA-H, I led efforts to develop high-risk, high-reward breakthroughs in AI technologies, regenerative medicine, cancer diagnostics, and healthcare tools to support rural areas.
Health technology innovation is America's next frontier.
by investing in innovators and entrepreneurs, we will save lives and drive economic growth.
Wow.
But these advancements will- Save lives and drive economic growth.
It's like everybody's on the same script of progress.
It's remarkable how little we're paying attention to this.
will only be effective if we invest in public health infrastructure that enables them to be utilized on a population scale.
What good is a potentially life-saving discovery if there is no translation to make it usable?
That's where CDC plays a vital role.
Outbreaks are only getting more frequent.
There's Ebola and Mpox in Africa, MERS in the Middle East, Zika and Arupush in South America, and now H5N1, avian influenza across nearly every continent.
These- So much so that they killed all the chickens in Canada already and they're gonna vaccinate all the chickens in America.
Scary, scary.
These threats are in our backyard or always just a flight away.
Always just a flight away.
In case you don't know how it works, maybe you haven't seen the movie Contagion.
Or maybe you haven't seen the beginning of the Planet of the Apes, the new version, because there they also have a nice little two-minute montage about how viruses can travel around the world.
CDC must be fully prepared to defend the American people from these known biological risks.
And as importantly- I wonder if she considers opioids a biological risk to anybody.
I'm curious about that.
That's funny because I haven't heard much about that.
She's pretty focused on them, their diseases.
Be prepared to defend against those we have not yet seen.
Whoa, scary.
If confirmed, I will focus CDC on three top priorities.
The first is restoring trust.
I will rebuild credibility by making CDC leadership more public facing and accountable.
Oh man, wouldn't it be cool if they did a podcast too?
Because that makes me feel great about the FDA.
That's the only reason why I trust Marty and Vinay is because they're regularly being painfully transparent on their podcast with John A or whatever her name is.
data transparency with a focus on protecting patient privacy and security.
I will ensure all recommendations are backed by publicly available gold standard science.
Don't forget that right now, gold standard science includes using PCR to find more than 17 different viral pathogens in one test.
Don't forget that PCR can also be used to diagnose a wide variety of genetic causes of, I don't know, stuff.
And so genetic sequencing is something you shouldn't be afraid of, you should embrace.
Don't forget, don't forget, coming to your doctor soon.
In strengthening public health infrastructure, we must invest in innovation to prevent, detect, and respond to threats.
Is his name Vinayak?
Okay, Vinayak.
I'll call him Vinayak from now on.
I will prioritize near real-time situational awareness to detect outbreaks early.
I will prioritize bringing state-of-the-art technologies to CDC, including our labs and diagnostic development.
I will work with state and local public health officials to help build a modernized public health infrastructure across the country.
I will support a precision preventive health operational model to offer tailored health strategy to meet the needs of all Americans.
So this is starting to sound like personalized medicine a little bit and also building a public health network that's modern sounds quite scary.
Maybe even building a data infrastructure so that medical records could be shared in real time and we could monitor real time diagnosis of stuff.
Maybe all that stuff is gonna be integrated in her idea.
Third, evidence-based rapid decision-making.
We know the next outbreak is not a matter of if, but when.
I have learned first- Did she say when?
I think she said when, and because she said when, I have to go back and listen to her say when, because that's some remarkable shit.
Nobody talks like that, in my humble opinion.
Did she say when?
First hand, crises demand clear plans and decisive action.
She said when.
I will implement the next outbreak is not a matter of if, but when.
I learned first hand, crises demand clear plans and decisive action.
I will implement tested, evidence-informed, predefined protocols to avoid confusion and delays, and strengthen risk communication so the public receives timely, consistent guidance based on fact, not fear.
These priorities support the President's and the Secretary's vision of a healthier America.
To achieve them, I will lead with integrity, transparency, and purpose.
and work with Congress to maximize health outcomes and protect the American people.
Thank you and the Secretary's vision of a healthier America.
To achieve them, I will lead with integrity, transparency, and purpose and work with Congress to maximize health outcomes and protect the American people.
Maximize, maximize health outcomes with Congress.
I'm going to maximize health outcomes with Congress.
Holy shit.
Thank you for your time and for considering my nomination, and I'm happy to answer any questions.
Thank you.
I will actually defer to my Don Dias to begin with.
Senator Paul.
For me, the cool whip thing was family guy.
Am I wrong?
I thought that was family guy that did the cool whip.
Anyway.
I don't know who scripted her, but the same person who scripted her scripted Rand Paul.
Let's hear what Rand Paul's got to say about the school.
him to take down three prominent scientists.
The implication was, use whatever means, use the media, use reporters, but damage their reputations.
One of these scientists is now the head of NIH, Jay Bhattacharya.
Do you think that was an appropriate use of his office?
So I'm not familiar with that particular encounter, but we need to make sure that we are open to letting the scientists... Is it an appropriate use of the office for Francis Collins to have emailed the head of NIH and say, take down scientists that he disagreed with?
We need to make sure that we are open.
Isn't that wrong?
I thought Francis Collins was the head of NIH and he emailed other people.
So he's already saying it wrong, right?
The head of NIH is now Jay Bhattacharya.
Jayanta Bhattacharya.
And before that, it was Francis Collins during the pandemic.
And he emailed Tony Fauci, who was head of NIAID.
It's interesting, but wrong.
It's sort of a yes or no question.
Is it an appropriate use of office?
Because the question goes, is it an appropriate use of the office?
She's smiling because she knows this is part of the theater, that he's supposed to grill her and put pressure on her to admit that Fauci was a bad guy.
to email other government scientists and say take them down.
Take down these people that are disagreeing with us and have a different opinion.
It is not something I would do.
I welcome an open and honest debate and scientific discourse.
I'm disappointed that we don't get a little better answer from that.
What better answer could she give?
What a joke of a theater this is.
And she's obviously aware of how joke of a theater this is.
Come on.
You read OSTP, uh, 2015 to 2016.
Was any of the research between Ralph Baric and, uh, with the Wuhan Institute of Virology subject to the pause on gain of function during your period of time there?
I don't know the specific details of that, but all federally funded research that met the standards of gain of function should have been paused under that gain of function pause.
Right, but several were granted exemptions.
Are you aware of an exemption that was granted to the Wuhan research?
Can you imagine that in 2025, that at the CDC director's confirmation hearing, just think about it for a second, who was the head of the CDC during the pandemic?
We're talking about somebody like
Rochelle Walensky.
Like, what are we talking about here?
Also a person who worked at Harvard, also a person who worked on AIDS.
It's a continuous line of these people who are either indoctrinated acolytes or indoctrinated agents who understand the illusion of consensus about this biology that they are maintaining and given their own little section of the narrative to curate, you know, like African sleeping sickness or toxoplasmosis as it applies to HIV.
And then once they have their little expertise, they can start to be paraded around in these
in these pseudo-intellectual circles to be grilled by these scripted lawmakers, who are scripted because of course they are part of the same national security theater that these actors are.
And once you see that the only way a national security theater like this would work is if it enlisted the people who have classified access to begin with,
Then you understand why even the election of these people might be needing of controlling because it's part of a national security imperative to do so.
I am not aware of that.
Do you believe that the research that was being done over that period of time and subsequently was gain of function research?
I haven't had an opportunity to look at the research, but I share your concerns about gain of consciousness.
No, I think she was working at ARPA-H before this.
So, you know, I mean, she's got every reason to know what happened during the pandemic.
Written about it.
I mean, we've been talking about it.
15 million people died.
See, what we're trying to do is recite the narrative.
So he's reciting the narrative.
Aren't you aware that everybody on social media accepts the following?
And then he lists them all.
And she can say, well, I'm not sure about all that stuff, but then he's going to list them all again.
You're aware of this, right?
And that, right?
You're aware of the novel virus and that it killed millions and that millions more were saved.
And that if we don't regulate gain of function, another one could come again.
You're aware of that, right?
You're going to be in charge of infectious disease.
You know, you think you might have an opinion on, you know, where this came from and what happened.
And, you know, even EcoHealth, which was funding the research in Wuhan, finally sends a letter back to NIH and they say, thank you for releasing the pause on our gain of function research.
And so there's going to be no discussion of the half a million odd Americans that died as a result of the
Whatever you want to call it, it's a drug disaster on American streets, in American families, that have left grandkids with grandmothers and grandfathers, have ruined families, and lowered the life expectancy of America in a way that the novel virus could never have done because there is no novel virus.
It is a purposeful managing of the American population problem.
The American population was set up and people like this have no real sympathy for the people who might fall into the trap of opioids for one reason or another because they are managing a problem like a prison guard would think of the prison population.
They are thinking of us a lot more like farm animals and they are on the managing end of things.
And so, you know, you're not gonna understand all the choices that they have to make, all the trade-offs that they have to make in their daily lives in order to perform this theater.
But I assure you, this guy imagines that the trade-offs that he is making for his family and for the future of his family are the best trade-offs to make.
And part of those trade-offs are to perform this theater.
Because he is, it's impossible that he doesn't know it's a theater.
Otherwise, his incredible lack of progress from 2020 until now, where he's still saying, did you see me on the news in 2020?
Just in case, should we play it again?
Do you want me to tell you what I said on the news in 2020?
Because I can say it again.
It's no different than what he's doing right now.
With regard to royalties, recently Secretary Kennedy fired members of the CDC Vaccine Committee.
Now we're going to talk about royalties and the fact that they're buying people off and that's why this is all happening because people make money.
Stop lying!
It's so bad.
The only people who could fall for it are people who don't know already that this guy has been acting with them for five years, that don't know who Robert Malone is, and have no idea that this lady is part of the same malevolent show, because this malevolent show is gonna capture everyone if they have their way.
Robert Malone is gonna play a great role in capturing everyone, not just us.
His job with us is done.
One of the things we've been asking for for years is that they release their and reveal if they get royalties from pharma.
I think this is a basic good government request.
We've passed it unanimously in another Senate committee with Republican and Democrat support.
Previous heads of the CDC and the Biden administration were adamantly opposed to revealing or any transparency.
Will you support
members, all members in decision-making processes revealing their royalties that they get from pharmaceutical companies?
I believe that anyone who is serving in this type of a role that is so critically important to make independent, conflict-free decisions needs to be fully transparent on any funding that they're getting from any product developer.
That's all I have.
Senator Sanders.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Um, Dr. Manara's, um, today's secretary Kennedy announced that he will be ending us funding for the global alliance for vaccines and immunizations.
Oh my gosh.
They're ending the funding for Gabby until Gabby gets their, their act together.
What will this nominated woman for CDC director think of that travesty?
Oh my goodness.
You just a moment ago said that you believe, as I do, that public health saves lives.
Ending U.S.
funding, according to the Global Alliance, will lead to 1.2 million preventable deaths.
1.2 million kids will die if we don't give Gavi their money.
agree with Secretary Kennedy that we should end our support for providing life-saving vaccines around the world?
I believe that global health security preparedness is a critical and vital activity for the United States.
As I shared in my opening remarks, I saw firsthand what happens when you have- You did, and I agree with you.
My question, though, is do you think we should end our support for providing life-saving vaccines around the world?
I think vaccines save lives.
I think that we need to continue to support the promotion of utilization of vaccines.
I wasn't involved in that decision making.
If I'm confirmed as a CDC director, I will certainly look into it, and I'm happy to follow up with you.
Thank you.
Doctor, the American Medical Association
has adopted a policy that recognizes the substantial body of scientific evidence that has disproven a link between vaccines and autism.
President of the American Academy of Pediatrics has stated that any effort to undermine decades of research, finding no link between vaccines and autism, quote, poses a threat to the health of children and our nation.
End of quote.
Do you agree with the American Medical Association that there is no scientific proven link between vaccines and autism?
I have not seen a causal link between vaccines and autism.
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
No causal link between vaccines and autism, but I can tell you right now there is a causal link between the appearance of a pandemic and the population pyramid because there was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that was converted into an illusion of a pandemic by using simple, non-specific PCR tests to convert an irreducible background
into something that they said was spreading.
This anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was threatening to bankrupt some of our Western nations and certainly threatening to change the demographics of our countries if we don't immigrate enough people to fill in the bottom.
That's really what's happening here, ladies and gentlemen.
Something that was anticipated was sculpted using murder and lies and then they put clowns like Denny Rancor out there
to write papers with 150 figures to disguise that anticipated rise in all-cause mortality as something that was caused by the shots.
And of course, that's nonsense.
Otherwise, this graph wouldn't exist of America losing control of respiratory disease for a couple years and then figuring it out again at the end of 2022.
That's because they murdered people.
And one of the craftiest ways they did it
is by giving people supplementary oxygen when they came in the hospital and pretending that that's not really a toxic thing.
When in fact, before the pandemic, it was known that you couldn't just give people oxygen willy-nilly.
That's why oxygen bars went in and out so quick as they did.
Ladies and gentlemen, endemicity is a myth, both as a process and an endpoint, and you need to believe in endemicity in order for this narrative to exist.
And that's why they say that racism is endemic in America.
If you're using PCR tests to find any of their ghosts, including the 17 PCR tests
targets that Mary Talley Bowden was using in 2021, then you are using their tests to find their ghosts.
And that does not make their ghosts real, and it certainly doesn't make you a Ghostbuster, Mary.
And if you don't wake up and figure it out soon, our grandchildren will be enslaved by this bullshit.
So you are part of a fake anti-vax movement that I too was a part of, and I figured out.
And everybody needs to wake up and apologize to their kids for buying into this fake anti-vax movement.
It's a very simple way to say it, ladies and gentlemen.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And transfection is a crime.
And RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
Go back to that really quick so you can see it.
And you can see the evidence that this is all a myth.
This is all a story in order to get you to accept this idea that babies and all of that data
is something that you owe society, that belongs to society.
And the NIH is already doing it because Claire Craig was already doing it before the pandemic.
Because Kevin McKernan was already figuring out ways to get the American public to do it before the pandemic.
Because Tony Fauci was trying to figure out ways to get the American public to do it before the pandemic.
Because Stephen Hadfield and Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and Tess Laurie and Claire Craig are all part of the same illusion
The same narrative, the same team worst case scenario.
And that's why they were all on stage together.
That's why these people deserve nothing but ire.
They are some of the worst people on earth.
Thanks for being here.
I'll see you again tomorrow.